# Tools for Generating and Working with MIDI Files

**NOTICE: This repo is under construction and is not ready for use. Once it is ready, and the other repos are archived, this banner will be removed.**

## Overview

## Choice of License

All datasets generated by All the Music LLC have been released in the public domain under CC0,
which means they are free for anyone to use for any purpose without restriction under copyright law.
However, if we released the code into the public domain under CC0, we would have no control over entities using it with malicious intent.
[CC BY 4.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) allows us to assert that no one can place additional restrictions on derivative works, while still allowing anyone to:

* copy and redistribute the code in any medium or format
* remix, transform, and build upon the code for any purpose, even commercially

## Accessing the Melody Datasets

You can download a subset of existing datasets generated by All the Music LLC from the [Internet Archive](https://archive.org/download/allthemusicllc-datasets).
Note that the data are split into chunks no larger than ~600GB.
We are actively researching better ways to make the data more easily accessible from the Internet Archive, keeping home Internet bandwidth and data caps in mind.
Stay tuned for an announcement on this topic, and if you have suggestions please feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/allthemusicllc/atm-tools/issues/new/choose)!

## Packages

TODO

## Commit and Release Verification

All binary releases are hashed using SHA-256 and can be verified using the accompanying `*.sha256` files:

```bash
shasum -a 256 -c <filename>.sha256
```

Our PGP key signature is [CF61C1241EB3A6C85200A93142A82D51E3A76B66](https://keyserver.ubuntu.com/pks/lookup?search=0x42A82D51E3A76B66&op=vindex) and is valid through 2027-04-19.
Commits are signed with this key, and in the future all binary releases will include a signature with this key.

## Dependencies

The `*dependencies` sections in each package's [Cargo.toml](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/manifest.html) manifest have the list of app and dev dependencies.
See [DEVELOPMENT.md](DEVELOPMENT.md) for local development and build dependencies.

## Development

See [DEVELOPMENT.md](DEVELOPMENT.md) for development instructions.

## Contributing/Suggestions

Contributions and suggestions are welcome! To make a feature request, report a bug, or otherwise comment on existing
functionality, please file an issue. For contributions please submit a PR, but make sure to lint, type-check, and test
your code before doing so. Thanks in advance!
